Hi! Are you well with you?
well my name is michele shirai i have
a channel on youtube and joy called me
to make a special because she is
making a birthday anniversary of the blog
Her and best wishes to you for
Your blog for your channel plus is a beautiful one.
super captive and I just met
you and you have invited me so we
Are you really honored and I want to
say that I already feel super close to
You, and I thank you very much for having me
invited to the special of your blog and
I'm sure it will grow more and
more
It's good this video she left open for
choose a theme that we like the most
to speak what I like to talk about is
hair and then I came today to bring this
here hairstyle that I am very versatile
that you can use in several places
ballad in summer in winter autumn
Can you use the hair I use?
also with the curls made with babyliss
and I made this hairstyle so thinking about
line because he is super fashion too
She always talks like that, hair things.
I already saw the first video of her that she did
talking about how she uses the how
she curls her hair and stays
It's beautiful, and how it's there and how
of bandanas
it teaches you various ways to use
so I think super fashion so
nothing like I do so the hairstyle
to show you and participate in this
blog birthday party lilian
takita
It's good and I really hope that you
keep watching this video to see
as I did this hairstyle okay
So that's it folks I very much hope
Did you like my hairstyle ?
I'll leave all my links here
underneath and I live in Japan then who
have curls and like to like
knowing how to care can accompany me
have the pleasure of talking to you
take your questions and help Carol a
Kisses to everyone and until the next
videos that marriage
congratulations